[libc++] Add a release note about C++03 being frozen after LLVM 21 (#95894)
llvm/llvm-project: libcxx/docs/ReleaseNotes/19.rst

> Deprecations and Removals

Reviewer: Can you please link to the RFC in the commit message and in the release note? https://discourse.llvm.org/t/rfc-freezing-c-03-headers-in-libc

This is a large enough change that we should expect people to want to have more information about that.

-------------------------

> - The status of the C++03 implementation will be frozen. From now on only bug fixes will be back-ported to C++03.

Reviewer 2: Can you elaborate what are *not* backported? IMO that's more interesting to the public.

Reviewer: I also think that it's confusing to document this here. It should only be under LLVM 21, otherwise it provides the impression that we're freezing something in LLVM 19.

LLVM 21
~~~~~~~

> - Libc++ will no longer back-port non-critical bug fixes to C++03.

Reviewer: This should briefly describe the overall effort, why we're doing it and what it means for users. And it should have a link to the RFC for more information.

LLVM 21
~~~~~~~

> - The status of the C++03 implementation will be frozen. This means that non-critical bug fixes will not be back-ported
>   to C++03, including LWG issues. C++03 is a legacy platform, where most projects are no longer actively maintained. To
>   reduce the amount of fixes required to keep such legacy projects compiling with up-to-date toolchains, libc++ freezes
>   the current status of the headers and avoids making any changes to these headers.
>   See https://discourse.llvm.org/t/rfc-freezing-c-03-headers-in-libc for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The status of the C++03 implementation will be frozen after the LLVM 21 release. This means that starting in LLVM 22, non-critical bug fixes may not be back-ported
  to C++03, including LWG issues. C++03 is a legacy platform, where most projects are no longer actively maintained. To
  reduce the amount of fixes required to keep such legacy projects compiling with up-to-date toolchains, libc++ will aim to freeze the status of the headers in C++03 mode to avoid unintended breaking changes.
  See https://discourse.llvm.org/t/rfc-freezing-c-03-headers-in-libc for more details.

  If you are using C++03 in your project, you should consider moving to a newer version of the Standard to get the most out of libc++.
```
